Hello.
I'm Catalin Tudose.
Welcome to this Implementing a Test Pyramid Strategy in Java course.
It targets Java developers who are already proficient in writing Java Core code
and are interested in learning how to develop safe applications and how to test
their software at different levels from a classroom method that are developed to
the moment when the system is operated if it complies with the requirements and
if it is ready for usage.
So let's get started.
This course will show you how to build a test pyramid strategy and how to
apply it in working with a simple Java application implementing the business
logic for the management of flights and passengers.
The focus will be on clearly explaining the concepts of a
particular testing level and to apply them in practice.
This introductory module will first review the key concepts
starting with software testing and its purpose.
Then we'll look at the types of testing,
at what high-level testing and low-level testing mean,
and manual testing, and test automation.
We'll try to answer an important question, what to test?
We'll see what the test pyramid is and how it looks like.
We'll look at the tools, frameworks, and environments that are used for testing,
and we'll meet an initially non-tested application
that we'll start with in our journey.
To quickly provide a definition of what software testing is,
we'll say that testing is the practice of making objective judgements
regarding the extent to which the system or device meets,
exceeds, or fails to meet its stated objectives.
Software testing has a few purposes.
First, verifying stated objectives and requirements.
Second uncovering situations that could negatively
impact the customer and maintainability.
Then, the risk mitigation.
Consequently,
we may say that finding bugs is in effect the side effect of testing.
To show why testing is important and why to use it would say
that it helps you understand the software.
The test will make you interact with the product with
its components and with its use cases.
It also improves the stability of the system and helps to
deliver software that meets expectations.
It protects against the extremely unpleasant regressions and
serves as a metric of the quality of the code.
Consequently,
testing can establish only that the software does or does
not work under specific conditions.
Trying to start introducing the levels of testing will say
that unit testing is a sorter testing method by which
individual units of source code, methods,
or classes, are tested to determine whether they are fit for use.
Integration testing is the phasing software testing in which individual
software components are combined and tested as a group.
System testing of software is testing conducting on a
complete integrated system to overrate the system
compliance with its specified requirements.
Finally,
acceptance testing is the level in the sorter testing process
where a product is given the green light or not.
The high-level testing is more abstract,
it describes overall goals and systemic features.
It is typically more concerned with the interaction with the user through
GUI with the system as a whole or larger components of it.
A low-level testing describes individual components,
it provides the test rather than overview,
rudimentary functions rather than complex over ones,
it is typically more concerned with individual components
within the system and how they operate.
Manual testing is the type of software testing where testers manually
execute test cases without using any automation tools and verify that
the given input brings to the correct output.
Manual testing does not require the knowledge of any automation tool,
but it requires a lot of skills.
It also requires a lot of time and effort to manually execute the use
cases step by step and to verify their results.
As 100% automation is usually not possible, manual testing becomes a must.
As previously stated, finding bugs is a side effect of testing.
We have just explained that manual testing is a must,
but automated test may play back lists of predefined actions,
compare the result to the expected behavior,
and report the success or failure of these tests.
Automated tests may be created, parameterized,
and repeatedly executed more frequently and with
considerable less effort than the manual ones.
If you ask yourself what should be tested,
you should include here, the business logic,
the part of the program that enclose the real-world business rules,
the invariants,
an expression whose value does not change during program execution.
For example,
the identifier of a person should not change during
the execution of the program.
The unexpected conditions,
the conditions that are not part of the normal operation of a program.
A flight cannot change its origin once it has taken off.
The bad input values, for example,
things that you cannot assign a negative number of places to a flight.
The boundary conditions, use the extremes of the input domain eg.
maximum, minimum, inside, outside boundaries.
That's on flights having 0 passengers or the maximum allowed passengers.
The regressions.
Seek to uncover new software box on an existing system
after changes as enhancements or patches.
We have already introduced the different levels of tests.
They may be regarded as a pyramid maybe somehow in the fog at the beginning,
but that will try to reveal.
And the ground areas, the unit testing.
This will verify each part of the software by isolating it and then
performing test to demonstrate that it is correct in terms of form
fitting requirements and the desired functionality.
Integration testing takes as its input modules that have been unit tested,
grooms them in larger aggregates,
and applies test define in our integration test plan to those aggregates.
System testing fall within the scope of black box testing,
and as such,
should require no knowledge of the inner design of the code or logic.
Acceptance testing uses a variety of methods,
such as prewritten scenarios and test cases to test the software and
use the results obtained from these tools to find if the product is
really doing what it is expected to do.
These levels of test should not be seen only as here
extending itself from simple to complex,
but also as a sequence that spans the how development
process from the early to the later stages.
To automate a test, we need to use appropriate tools,
frameworks, and environments.
Overall, you will need an integrated development environment to run the tests.
IntelliJ and Eclipse are the most popular.
Then as unit testing framework designed for the Java programming language,
we have JUnit, currently arrived at version 5,
and TestNG, now at version 6.
To create and test double or mock objects in automated unit tests,
Mockito and PowerMock are among the most popular frameworks.
Arquillian is a testing tool for Java EE that allows developers to
easily create automated integration and accept on tests.
Cucumber and JBehave are software tools running automated acceptance tests returned in a behavior-driven development style.